What's new in PyWebIO 1.8
==========================

2023/4/10
----------

Highlights
^^^^^^^^^^^
* Add datatable widget (`put_datatable() <pywebio.output.put_datatable>`)
* Build reliable message transmission over HTTP-based backends (Flask and Django)

Backwards-incompatible changes
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
* When use `put_loading() <pywebio.output.put_loading>` as context manager, the output inside the context will also been removed
  after the context block exits.

Detailed changes
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
* Add `put_file_upload() <pywebio.pin.put_file_upload>` pin widget.
* Add WPA support (via `config(manifest) <pywebio.config>`), so PyWebIO apps can be launched like a native app on mobile devices.
* Add type hints to all public functions (`#501 <https://github.com/pywebio/PyWebIO/pull/501>`_, thanks to `叶子 <https://github.com/FHU-yezi>`_)
* Add Uzbek language support for UI labels (`#539 <https://github.com/pywebio/PyWebIO/pull/539>`_, thanks to `Ulugbek <https://github.com/Ulu-pro>`_)
* Remove the `NullHandler()` logging handler added to `pywebio` logger, so the exception log from PyWebIO can be output by default.
* Add ``max_payload_size`` param to ``start_server()`` and ``webio_handler()`` for aiohttp and fastapi backends.
* When ``tdata`` of `put_table()` is list of dict, ``header`` parameter is not mandatory anymore.
* Add pyinstaller hook, so PyWebIO apps can be packaged to executable file with pyinstaller without any extra configuration.
* No traceback expose to user in production environment (``start_server(debug=False)``, the default setting).

Bug fix
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
* Fix memory leak after close session (`#545 <https://github.com/pywebio/PyWebIO/pull/545>`_)

